psalm 40:8 a son a psalm of
psalm 40:8 a son a psalm of sons of korah great is the Lord and
sons of korah great is the Lord and
sons of korah great is the Lord and greatly to be praised in the city of our
greatly to be praised in the city of our
greatly to be praised in the city of our God in his holy mountain beautiful in
God in his holy mountain beautiful in
God in his holy mountain beautiful in elevation the joy of the whole earth is
elevation the joy of the whole earth is
elevation the joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion on the sides of the North a
Mount Zion on the sides of the North a
Mount Zion on the sides of the North a city of the Great King God is in her
city of the Great King God is in her
city of the Great King God is in her palaces he is known as her refuge for
palaces he is known as her refuge for
palaces he is known as her refuge for behold the king's assembled they passed
behold the king's assembled they passed
behold the king's assembled they passed by together they saw it and so they
by together they saw it and so they
by together they saw it and so they marveled they were troubled they
marveled they were troubled they
marveled they were troubled they hastened away fear took hold of them
hastened away fear took hold of them
hastened away fear took hold of them there and pain as of a woman in birth
there and pain as of a woman in birth
there and pain as of a woman in birth pangs as when you break the ships of
pangs as when you break the ships of
pangs as when you break the ships of tarshish with an east wind as we have
tarshish with an east wind as we have
tarshish with an east wind as we have heard so we have seen in the city of the
heard so we have seen in the city of the
heard so we have seen in the city of the Lord of hosts in the city of our God God
Lord of hosts in the city of our God God
Lord of hosts in the city of our God God will establish it forever
will establish it forever
will establish it forever we have thought Oh God on your
we have thought Oh God on your
we have thought Oh God on your loving-kindness in the midst of your
loving-kindness in the midst of your
loving-kindness in the midst of your temple according to your name Oh God so
temple according to your name Oh God so
temple according to your name Oh God so is your praise to the ends of the earth
is your praise to the ends of the earth
is your praise to the ends of the earth your right hand is full of righteousness
your right hand is full of righteousness
your right hand is full of righteousness let Mount Zion rejoice let the daughters
let Mount Zion rejoice let the daughters
let Mount Zion rejoice let the daughters of Judah be glad because of your
of Judah be glad because of your
of Judah be glad because of your judgments walk about Zion and go all
judgments walk about Zion and go all
judgments walk about Zion and go all around her count her towers mark well
around her count her towers mark well
around her count her towers mark well her bulwarks consider her palaces that
her bulwarks consider her palaces that
her bulwarks consider her palaces that you may tell it to the generation
you may tell it to the generation
you may tell it to the generation following for this is God our God for
following for this is God our God for
following for this is God our God for ever and ever he will be our guide even
ever and ever he will be our guide even
ever and ever he will be our guide even to death
to death
to death [Music]